[DOC-13546] Update reserved keywords list (#423)
couchbaselabs/docs-devex: modules/n1ql/pages/n1ql-language-reference/reservedwords.adoc

| TO
| xref:n1ql:n1ql-language-reference/begin-transaction.adoc[TRAN]

| xref:n1ql:n1ql-language-reference/begin-transaction.adoc[TRANSACTION]
| TRIGGER
| TRUE
| TRUNCATE
| xref:n1ql-language-reference/window.adoc#window-frame-extent[UNBOUNDED]
| UNDER

| xref:n1ql-language-reference/union.adoc[UNION]
| UNIQUE
| UNKNOWN
| xref:n1ql-language-reference/unnest.adoc[UNNEST]
| xref:n1ql-language-reference/update.adoc#unset-clause[UNSET]
| xref:n1ql-language-reference/update.adoc[UPDATE]

| xref:n1ql-language-reference/upsert.adoc[UPSERT]
| xref:n1ql-language-reference/hints.adoc[USE]
| USER
| USERS
| USING
| VALIDATE

| VALUE
| VALUED
| VALUES
| VECTOR
| VIA
| VIEW

| WHEN
| xref:n1ql-language-reference/where.adoc[WHERE]
| WHILE
| xref:n1ql-language-reference/window.adoc[WINDOW]
| xref:n1ql-language-reference/with.adoc[WITH]
| xref:n1ql-language-reference/collectionops.adoc#collection-op-within[WITHIN]

| xref:n1ql:n1ql-language-reference/begin-transaction.adoc[WORK]
| XOR
|
|
|
|

|===

TIP: You can combine `USING` with the keyword `AI` to form the statement `USING AI`.
This statement uses AI capabilities to convert natural language prompts into {sqlpp} queries.

> For more information, see xref:n1ql-language-reference/using-ai.adoc[].

Author: @simon-dew I've added your suggestion as a tip. Could you please check if this looks ok?  

Just a heads-up - this branch does not have the latest USING AI changes, so you might notice a few errors and see USING AI still written as a single keyword in the EBNF. Those updates are included in [PR 417](https://github.com/couchbaselabs/docs-devex/pull/417).

> TIP: You can combine `USING` with the keyword `AI` to form the statement `USING AI`.
> This statement uses AI capabilities to convert natural language prompts into {sqlpp} queries.
> For more information, see xref:n1ql-language-reference/using-ai.adoc[].

Reviewer: My point is that `AI` is not a reserved word, even though there is a `USING AI` statement

```suggestion
NOTE: The word `AI` is not a reserved word, even though you can use it in combination with the `USING` keyword as part of the xref:n1ql-language-reference/using-ai.adoc[USING AI] statement.
You do not have to escape the word `AI` inside backticks when using it by itself as an identifier.
```

Author: Oops, I see what you meant now. Thanks for clarifying. 
I've applied your suggestion.
